[
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.",
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.",
"The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.",
"None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are.",
"When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive.",
"Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.",
"We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things; because the shadow always follows. Choose a place where you won't do harm - yes, choose a place where you won't do very much harm, and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine.",
"Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.",
"There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there.",
"It is a great misfortune to be alone, my friends; and it must be believed that solitude can quickly destroy reason.",
"No man, for any considerable period, can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true.",
"We can experience nothing but the present moment, live in no other second of time, and to understand this is as close as we can get to eternal life.",
"She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.",
"Why can't people have what they want? The things were all there to content everybody; yet everybody has the wrong thing.",
"We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, \"Oh, nothing!\" Pride helps; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our hurts - not to hurt others.",
"Clocks slay time... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.",
"None of those other things makes a difference. Love is the strongest thing in the world, you know. Nothing can touch it. Nothing comes close. If we love each other we're safe from it all. Love is the biggest thing there is.",
"Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don't know why we are sad, so we say we aren't sad but we really are.",
"Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure.",
"When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.",
"If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.",
"My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the true emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.",
"Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!",
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.",
"Some people can't believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.",
"Being perfect is not about that scoreboard out there. It's not about winning. It's about you and your relationship with yourself, your family and your friends. Being perfect is about being able to look your friends in the eye and know that you didn't let them down because you told them the truth. And that truth is you did everything you could. There wasn't one more thing you could've done. Can you live in that moment as best you can, with clear eyes, and love in your heart, with joy in your heart? If you can do that gentleman - you're perfect!",
"Artists use frauds to make human beings seem more wonderful than they really are. Dancers show us human beings who move much more gracefully than human beings really move. Films and books and plays show us people talking much more entertainingly than people really talk, make paltry human enterprises seem important. Singers and musicians show us human beings making sounds far more lovely than human beings really make. Architects give us temples in which something marvelous is obviously going on. Actually, practically nothing is going on.",
"If you truly love film, I think the healthiest thing to do is not read books on the subject. I prefer the glossy film magazines with their big color photos and gossip columns, or the National Enquirer. Such vulgarity is healthy and safe.",
"The summer movies are coming out. My advice: just stay home and burn a good book.",
"I have three kids who like Harry Potter so I was sort of aware of it. You can't really move from it: it's on buses, in stores, it's everywhere. One of my kids has read the books; the other two are too small but they like the movies.",
"I wanted to write and direct movies and not be forced to adapt them from a bestselling book.",
"His friendship alone has strengthened me in a way that no one else ever has. He swept me from my room and showed me independence. In other words, he was exactly what I needed. I won't forget it. And I certainly don't want to lose it.",
"You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.",
"You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.",
"The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.",
"I assign myself no rank or any limit, and such an attitude is very much against the trend of the times. But my world has become one of infinite possibilities."
]
